New multiprocess manager (#2183)
Kludex/uvicorn: docs/deployment.md

A process manager will handle the socket setup, start-up multiple server processes, monitor process aliveness, and listen for signals to provide for processes restarts, shutdowns, or dialing up and down the number of running processes.

### Built-in

Uvicorn includes a `--workers` option that allows you to run multiple worker processes.

```bash
$ uvicorn main:app --workers 4
```

> Unlike gunicorn, uvicorn does not use pre-fork, but uses [`spawn`](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods), which allows uvicorn's multiprocess manager to still work well on Windows.

Reviewer: `https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods` -> `https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods`

> Unlike gunicorn, uvicorn does not use pre-fork, but uses [`spwan`](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods), which allows uvicorn's multi-process manager to still work well on Windows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike gunicorn, uvicorn does not use pre-fork, but uses [`spawn`](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods), which allows uvicorn's multiprocess manager to still work well on Windows.
```
